d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\Graphics1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\Graphics1.Resources.resources
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\Graphics1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\Graphics1.Resources.tinyresources
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\le\Graphics1.exe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\be\Graphics1.exe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\le\Graphics1.pdb
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\be\Graphics1.pdb
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\Graphics1.exe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\Graphics1.pdb
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\le\Graphics1.pe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\le\Graphics1.pdbx
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\be\Graphics1.pe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\bin\Debug\be\Graphics1.pdbx
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\be\Graphics1.pe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\be\Graphics1.pdbx
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\le\Graphics1.pe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\le\Graphics1.pdbx
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\Graphics1.exe
d:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Graphics1\Graphics1\obj\Debug\Graphics1.pdb
